Deprecate API-Readiness-Checklist.md (#220)
camaraproject/Commonalities: documentation/API-Readiness-Checklist.md

# API Readiness minimum criteria checklist
**PLEASE NOTE: This document is deprecated as the updated [API Readiness Checklist](https://github.com/camaraproject/ReleaseManagement/blob/main/documentation/API-Readiness-Checklist.md) was developed within Release Management Working Group.**

> 

Reviewer: **DEPRECATED FORMAT:**

> ~~| No | Deliverables/Criteria      | Mandatory | Reference template                          |

Reviewer: Instead of marking as ~~older~~

I would add something like the suggestion (or removed completely the table and in RM PR add a note for User Stories template

# API Readiness minimum criteria checklist

> **PLEASE NOTE: This document is DEPRECATED as the updated [API Readiness Checklist](https://github.com/camaraproject/ReleaseManagement/blob/main/documentation/API-Readiness-Checklist.md) was developed within Release Management Working Group.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**PLEASE NOTE: This document is DEPRECATED as the updated [API Readiness Checklist](https://github.com/camaraproject/ReleaseManagement/blob/main/documentation/API-Readiness-Checklist.md) is now maintained within the Release Management Working Group.**
```
